Clarify that XOAUTH2 configuration with Microsoft Office365 not offic… (#38377)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_admin/topics/realms/email.adoc

  Only needed when *Authentication Type* 'token' is selected.
  Supply the *Auth Client Secret* that authenticates the client to fetch a token from the *Auth Token URL*. The value of the *Auth Client Secret* field can refer a value from an external <<_vault-administration,vault>>.

ifeval::[{project_community}==true]

== XOAUTH2 email configuration with third-party vendors

> Following section contains some hints on how to configure {project_name} email settings to use XOAUTH2 based authentication with some known third-party software SMTP servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section contains some hints on how to configure {project_name} email settings to use XOAUTH2 based authentication with some known third-party software SMTP servers.
```

> NOTE: {project_name} is not officially supported and tested with the XOAUTH2 third-party email providers below. Please consider the instructions below just as a best effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This section has been contributed by the Keycloak community. As the Keycloak core team does not have means to test third-party providers, it is provided as-is. If you find this documentation outdated or incomplete, please contribute to improve it.
```

- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/permissions-exo/application-rbac[Usage of role base access control for applications in exchange online]
- Settings in https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/legacy-protocols/how-to-authenticate-an-imap-pop-smtp-application-by-using-oauth[Authenticate an IMAP, POP or SMTP connection using OAuth]

> The following way setting up {project_name} to send mails with Azure and Office365 has been verified by a test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following method for setting up {project_name} to send email with Azure and Office365 has been verified by a test.
```

Auth Token ClientSecret::
`<Secret configured>`

=== Configuration for Google Mail

> Not supported by {project_name} yet, because Google decided to not allow client-secrets for the Client Credentials Grant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is not  yet supported by {project_name}, because Google does not allow client-secrets for the Client Credentials Grant.
```

=== Configuration for AWS

XOAUTH2 is not supported by the AWS-SMTP service.

> The AWS-service requires to use a password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AWS-service requires the use of a password.
```
